feat(cli)!: Auto resolve project entry point in `expo prebuild` (#18381)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build-reference/migrating.md

### Custom `"main"` entry point in **package.json** is not yet supported

> > Support for custom entry points is available in SDK +47

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Support for custom entry points is available from SDK 47 and above versions.
```

Maybe, instead of a plus symbol, let's highlight the info in words? 😄
